Excelion Enchant success mod (custom) (#12)
Latiosu/chocobotro: npc/re/merchants/enchan_verus.txt

				.@string$ = "Production design (^ff0000 success rate 30%^000000)";
			mes "[PLUTO_09]";
			mes "If you give me 5 " + getitemname(6962) + ", I can do the production of design drawings look!";

> 			mes "If it fails, 5 " + getitemname(6962) + " will be refunded.";

Reviewer: I think the message can be simplified to "If it fails, they will be refunded." as the item and quantity is above the current message rather than on a separate page.
```suggestion
			mes "If it fails, they will be refunded.";
```

				.@fail = true;
				.@reac_rnd2 = rand(1,13000);
				if (.@reac_rnd2 < 2)
					.@en_name = 6962,5;	// Current: 5 OldTank. Original: Gold // .@en_name = 969;
				else if (.@reac_rnd2 < 1002)
					.@en_name = 6962,5;	// Current: 5 OldTank. Original: Steel // .@en_name = 999;
				else if (.@reac_rnd2 < 3002)
					.@en_name = 6962,5;	// Current: 5 OldTank. Original: Iron // .@en_name = 998;
				else if (.@reac_rnd2 < 8002)
					.@en_name = 6962,5;	// Current: 5 OldTank. Original: Iron_Ore // .@en_name = 1002;
				else

> 					.@en_name = 6962,5;	// Current: 5 OldTank. Original: Brigan // .@en_name = 7054;

Reviewer 2: To refund the old fuel tanks we can actually just remove the logic here from lines [1131-1141](https://github.com/Latiosu/chocobotro/pull/12/files#diff-8933c2cb2f0ccaa501e5e6af9559e785c896bf14a3ea0f4e8a9fb7b9f4ba0a80R1131-R1141) and then move lines [1147-1148](https://github.com/Latiosu/chocobotro/pull/12/files#diff-8933c2cb2f0ccaa501e5e6af9559e785c896bf14a3ea0f4e8a9fb7b9f4ba0a80R1147-R1148) into [1152](https://github.com/Latiosu/chocobotro/pull/12/files#diff-8933c2cb2f0ccaa501e5e6af9559e785c896bf14a3ea0f4e8a9fb7b9f4ba0a80R1152) (for success), but we'll need to add curly braces since the current syntax only handles a single statement within the if/else.

Reviewer 2: So lines 1145-1154 would then look something like:
```
else {
    specialeffect EF_SPELLBREAKER;
    mes "[PLUTO_09]";
    if (.@fail)
	    mes "What a pity, the design failed.";
    else {
            delitem 6962,5;// OldTank
            getitem .@en_name,1;
	    mes "Great, the design was made.";
    }
}
```

> 					.@en_name = 6962,5;	// Current: 5 OldTank. Original: Brigan // .@en_name = 7054;

Reviewer: We can delete the above code block and replace lines 1145 to 1154 with:
```
else {
	specialeffect EF_SPELLBREAKER;
	mes "[PLUTO_09]";
	if (.@fail) {
		mes "What a pity, the design failed.";
	} else {
		delitem 6962,5;// OldTank
		getitem .@en_name,1;
		mes "Great, the design was made.";
	}
}
```

			next;
		}
		end;
	default:
		mes "^0000ffA screen showing howling that a dinosaur may not understand the command.^000000";
		close;
	}

> 	end;

Reviewer 2: Wasn't 100% sure on the reason for removing this block, could you help me understand?

> 	end;

Reviewer: I think we should keep the above block of code
